Clarify how to use anchor links with ts (#751)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/translation/index.md

    ```smarty
    <p>{ts}Hello, world!{/ts}</p>
    ```

> An exception is `<a>` links which should be within the `ts`, but its parameters should be arguments to the ts. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hyperlinks are an exception to this rule, where you should place the `<a>` tags within the `ts`. Any link parameters should be provided as arguments to the ts. For example:
```

!!! failure "Bad"

    ```smarty
    {ts}<a href="https://www.civicrm.org" target="_blank">CiviCRM Web Site</a>{/ts}
    ```

!!! success "Less bad"

    ```smarty
    {ts 1='href="https://www.civicrm.org" target="_blank"'}<a %1>CiviCRM Web Site</a>{/ts}
    ```

> 

Reviewer: What do you think to a "multi-ts" example here?

The scenario is this:

I have a link - I need to translate the link text with `ts`. That link has title text which I also want to pass through `ts` - how can this be done "properly".

I'm just thinking of what examples I've needed to lookup in the past here.

Author: I'm not sure if it's github's display or something wonky but the updated text clarifies (or tries to clarify) that there's a difference between links in larger blocks of text vs standalone links. The former rarely have title attributes because the block of text _is_ the text.

    {ts}Event Total:{/ts}
    ```

> ### Unless unusably broken, consider leaving existing bad uses of ts unchanged

Author: It was related in that it came out of the same original discussion and the `<a>` links seemed to be more susceptible to it, but I can move it to a different PR.

> ### Unless unusably broken, consider leaving existing bad uses of ts unchanged

Reviewer: I'm not going to "stand in the way" of the PR because it's in there. If it's been discussed elsewhere  let's leave it there - I'm just generally nervous about telling people "don't fix that broken thing, it's too much work" which really isn't a good message to send.

> ### Unless unusably broken, consider leaving existing bad uses of ts unchanged

Author: Maybe I can try to clarify in the text what "broken" means in this context and not use that word. That word is overused/misused in IT all the time, and obviously I do it too...

> ### Unless unusably broken, consider leaving existing bad uses of ts unchanged

Reviewer: Worth a try - but as I say I'll commit as is so I'll leave it up to you :-)
